README.md, before:

# htp1-custom-controller

## Overview
This project is an unofficial web interface to control the Monoprice Monolith HTP-1 written in Vue 3. The goal is a lightweight, responsive, and mobile-friendly interface. 

## Screens

<img src="./docs/htp1-home.png" alt="HTP-1 Home" height=300 />
<img src="./docs/htp1-home-mobile.png" alt="HTP-1 Home - Mobile" height=300 />
<img src="./docs/htp1-speakers.png" alt="HTP-1 Speakers" height=300 />
<img src="./docs/htp1-calibration.png" alt="HTP-1 Calibration" height=300 />
<img src="./docs/htp1-sgen.png" alt="HTP-1 Signal Generator" height=300 />
<img src="./docs/htp1-eq.png" alt="HTP-1 EQ" height=300 />
<img src="./docs/htp1-inputs.png" alt="HTP-1 Inputs" height=300 />
<img src="./docs/htp1-upmix.png" alt="HTP-1 Sound Enhancement" height=300 />

## Project setup
```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
npm run build
```

### Building and Uploading to HTP-1
1. With the latest NodeJS LTS installed on your machine, check out the code and run the following.
Linux/Mac:
```
npm install
VUE_APP_PUBLIC_PATH=/custom/ npm run build
```
Windows CMD:
```
set VUE_APP_PUBLIC_PATH=/custom/&& npm run build 
```
2. This compiles and minifies the project to the `dist` directory. Rename `dist` to `custom`.
3. Upload the `custom` directory to `/opt/olympia/node-red/static` on the HTP-1, removing the old `custom` directory first, if it already exists on the HTP-1.
4. The custom controller can be accessed at `http://{Your HTP-1 IP address}/custom/`.


### Customize configuration
See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).

Commit message:

fix and document demo mode

README.md, after:

# htp1-custom-controller

## Overview
This project is an unofficial web interface to control the Monoprice Monolith HTP-1 written in Vue 3. The goal is a lightweight, responsive, and mobile-friendly interface. 

## Demo
http://jsoosiah.com

Click on the "Demo Mode" link to test out the interface. 

## Screens

<img src="./docs/htp1-home.png" alt="HTP-1 Home" height=300 />
<img src="./docs/htp1-home-mobile.png" alt="HTP-1 Home - Mobile" height=300 />
<img src="./docs/htp1-speakers.png" alt="HTP-1 Speakers" height=300 />
<img src="./docs/htp1-calibration.png" alt="HTP-1 Calibration" height=300 />
<img src="./docs/htp1-sgen.png" alt="HTP-1 Signal Generator" height=300 />
<img src="./docs/htp1-eq.png" alt="HTP-1 EQ" height=300 />
<img src="./docs/htp1-inputs.png" alt="HTP-1 Inputs" height=300 />
<img src="./docs/htp1-upmix.png" alt="HTP-1 Sound Enhancement" height=300 />

## Project setup
```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
npm run build
```

### Building and Uploading to HTP-1
1. With the latest NodeJS LTS installed on your machine, check out the code and run the following.
Linux/Mac:
```
npm install
VUE_APP_PUBLIC_PATH=/custom/ npm run build
```
Windows CMD:
```
set VUE_APP_PUBLIC_PATH=/custom/&& npm run build 
```
2. This compiles and minifies the project to the `dist` directory. Rename `dist` to `custom`.
3. Upload the `custom` directory to `/opt/olympia/node-red/static` on the HTP-1, removing the old `custom` directory first, if it already exists on the HTP-1.
4. The custom controller can be accessed at `http://{Your HTP-1 IP address}/custom/`.


### Customize configuration
See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).
